---
layout: post
---

# Privacy Policy

Last updated: 04-Jan-2023

---

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the a TermsFeed Privacy Policy Generator.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

#### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- Company (referred to as either &quot;the Company&quot;, &quot;We&quot;, &quot;Us&quot; or &quot;Our&quot; in this Agreement) refers to AllThingsTox.

Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

- Country refers to: California, United States
- Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- Service refers to the Website.
- Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
- Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- Website refers to AllThingsTox, accessible from brianhmathison.github.io
- You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

### Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

#### Types of Data Collected

##### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Usage Data

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

#### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies We use may include:

- Cookies or Browser Cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.
- Web Beacons. Certain sections of our Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).

Cookies can be &quot;Persistent&quot; or &quot;Session&quot; Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser. You can learn more about cookies at https://www.termsfeed.com/blog/cookies/#What_Are_Cookies.

We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:

##### Necessary / Essential Cookies

- Type: Session Cookies
- Administered by: Us
- Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.

##### Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies

- Type: Persistent Cookies
- Administered by: Us
- Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.

##### Functionality Cookies

- Type: Persistent Cookies
- Administered by: Us
- Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.

For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy.

### Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
- For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
- To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
- To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
- To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
- For business transfers: We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
- For other purposes: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

- With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.
- For business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
- With Affiliates: We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
- With business partners: We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
- With other users: when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
- With Your consent: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.

### Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

### Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer. The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

### Delete Your Personal Data

You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You. Our Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about You from within the Service. You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to Your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage Your personal information. You may also contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us. Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.

### Disclosure of Your Personal Data

### Business Transactions

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability

### Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers. If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

### Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

### Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the &quot;Last updated&quot; date at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us by email: brianhmathison(at)gmail(dot)com

[source](https://www.termsfeed.com/privacy-policy-generator/?sscid=11k7_4d9my)

---

## Brian H Mathison PhD

Curriculum Vitae

## HOME

Goleta, California, United States of America

## EDUCATION

Post Secondary Education

University of Calfornia, California College of Medicine, Department of Community and Environmental Medicine, University of California, Irvine (1987-92) PhD (1993) Environmental Toxicology addition emphasis Carcinogenesis/Immunology/Pharmacology

University of California, Santa Barbara (1985-86) BA (1986) Biochemistry-Molecular Biology/Medical Technology (GPA 3.75, Magna cum laude)

California State University, Northridge (1984) Chemistry, Medical Technology (GPA 4.00)

Los Angeles Pierce Community College (1982-84) Chemistry, Mel Green Memorial Award in Chemistry, Award in Calculus (GPA 4.00)

Los Angeles West Valley Occupational (Woodland Hills, CA) Technical School Data Entry-Computer Operations (Certificate)

Los Angeles Valley Community College (Van Nuys, CA) AA (1980) Music & History, President Sigma Alpha Phi Honor Society, Chancellor’s Distinguished Honor Award

Primary: Reseda High School (Class of 1976)-Additional: Automation specialist proficient with Microsoft® Visual Studio (VS Code & Community, web development), Microsoft Office®. Familiar with current molecular descriptors and frameworks in predictive toxicology. Experienced with GLP/GALPs, FDA, ICH, EPA guidance/guidelines; DABT certification (2000-2008)

## WORK

Scientist, Toxicologist, and Intellectual Property Consultant (semi-retired 2001-current)
Duties: Consultant toxicologist and scientist assisting with general toxicology and intellectual property issues. Involvement with protocols, proposals, life cycle analysis, structure activity relationships across environmental, biotechnology, pharmaceutical sectors. Contributor to research plans, proposals, and research leading to the development U.S. patent applications related to   therapeutic polynucleic acids (filings 2002-current). Negotiated non-disclosure agreements and strategies related to the design and screening of new molecular entities. Early stage development efforts were undertaken for an innovative class of therapeutic. U.S. Patent Application 20060166916 and related documents/divisional application(s), now patent 7,482,158, January 27, 2009. During this time also worked as Controller (Unit Clerk (with flexible schedule)) from Sep-2007 to Jun-2019 (and Per Diem > 01-Jul-2014). Sodexo, Westmont College - assisting General Manager with Unit Financial System involving all aspects of resource management, accounts payable, cashier/cash handling procedures, billing and information technology (IT). Interactions periodically with Westmont College staff in position with flexible hours that enabled consulting and contractual work (with full time parenting). Additional pro-bono / non-compensated work coaching youth sports. Note: XpRx Pharmaceuticals LLC was briefly formed and ultimately dissolved during this time holding some intellectual property while also providing limited liability coverage. 
[US20120041055A1 Brian H. Mathison](https://patents.google.com/patent/US20060166916A1/en)

Senior Scientist / Toxicologist
(01-Aug-1999 to 01-Jan-2001*) ISIS (now IONIS) Pharmaceuticals, 2292 Faraday Avenue, Carlsbad, CA 92008
Duties: Scientist, Study Director, and monitor with responsibilities for non-GLP and GLP toxicology studies supporting product development. Study design, contract monitoring, report generation and review of non-clinical studies and integrated toxicology/pharmacology sections of investigational new drug applications. Position was full time prior to Nov 2001 and reduced to half-time and termination after clinical trial failure of product ISIS 2302.

Research Toxicologist (Study Director)
(Feb-1993 through Dec-1998) E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, Haskell Laboratory for Toxicology and Industrial Medicine, P.O. Box 50, Elkton Road, Newark, DE 19714-0050.
Duties: Study director and consulting toxicologist with responsibilities for non-GLP and GLP   toxicology studies used to support product development, registrationand re-registration. Areas of scientific accountability included bacterial mutagenesis, mammalian mutagenesis, and assays related to the assessment of DNA damage. Coordinator of chemical discovery program for genetic toxicology endpoints with skills structure activity relationships and computational methods/models as applied to general toxicology. Generation of protocols, standard operating procedures (procedural, equipment, and testing), reports, and validation plans for new equipment and testing strategies.  Supervised technicians and involved in the evaluation, implementation and validation of software used for data collection and report generation. Involvement in automation efforts designed to improve testing and screening capacity, cost effectiveness and quality. As a DuPont Post-Doctoral Fellow: Duties involved upper respiratory tract carcinogenesis research that involved the generation of data for use in physiologically-based mechanistic models predictive of upper airway toxicity. Research also involved measurements of gas/vapor uptake, respiratory parameters associated with sensory irritation, and characterization of time/concentration related regional differences in DNA damage following inhalation exposure to dimethyl sulfate. Measurement of the formation and persistence (toxicokinetics) of DNA damage (DNA adducts) with comparison to additional expsoure related responses in the nasal passageway with the intent of better characterizing human health   risks. Research involve construction and maintenance of inhalation exposure systems, integration with infrared gas analyzers, and use of Hewlett Packard HPLCs and GCs.

Ph.D. Candidate / Research Assistant
(Sep-1987 through Nov-1992) California College of Medicine, Department of Community and Environmental Medicine - Graduate Program in Environmental Toxicology, University of California at Irvine, Irvine, CA 92714.
Graduate work in molecular basis of carcinogenesis utilizing cell culture and molecular biology techniques. Investigated nucleic acid damage induced in rodent tissues following administration of hydrazine-based pharmaceuticals. Research established protocol(s) for the analysis of    5-methylcytosine (5mC) in DNA and studied effects of 5mC on the sequence specific alkylation of guanine. Initiated work using EBV infected human lymphoblasts to model carcinogen induced          hypomethylation using methylation sensitive restriction endonucleases to assess reactivation of an inactivated HPRT gene. The UCI toxicology program required demonstration of computer literacy, statistical analyses as applied toward general toxicology, and graduate level student teaching. Additional pharmacology/immunology course work completed a minor emphasis of study.

Forensic Toxicologist / Criminalist
(1987) Orange County Sheriff-Coroner, 550 N. Flower St. Santa Ana, CA 92703
Duties: Basic criminalist/toxicologist responsibilities included urine and blood alcohol concentration analysis by head-space gas chromatography. Analysis of opiate, barbiturate, and cocaine in human blood and urine samples by GC/MS after positive indication(s) of drugs by immunoassay. Duties also involved courtroom testimony as an expert witness.

Computer Operator/Data Entry Operator (positions prior to 1987)
Moulton Data Systems Inc. / Key West Systems / Data Gap Inc.
(Northridge / Reseda / Reseda, CA). Data entry & verification and some supervisory work. Positions primary used to support additional undergraduate college education. Typing and data entry using reverse 10-key systems. Hourly working wages $12-20/hr.

## PUBLICATIONS

PubMed [Publications](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=mathison+bh)  
Patent (2009) - Mathison BH [20120041055](https://patents.google.com/patent/US7482158B2/en)  
Patent Application (2012) Mathison BH [20120041055](https://patents.justia.com/patent/20120041055)  

## REFERENCES

Bart Ziegler PhD (President Samuel Lawrence Foundation / Co-founder and President)  
Scott Loveless PhD (Retired, Director, Quantititative Assessment & Consulting DuPont)  
Matthew Bogdanffy PhD DABT (Director, Regulatory Toxicology, Boehringer-Ingelheim)  
Art Levin PhD (VP Drug Development - now Stoke & Avidity NanoMedicines)  
Douglas Keller PhD DABT (Retired, Head Safety, Sandards and Innovation, Sanofi-Aventis)  
Ronald Shank PhD (Emeritis Professor - Progam in Environment Toxicology, UC Irvine)  
Kevin O'Dowd (Former General Manager Sodexo at Westmont College)  

Additional personal and or professional reference available upon request.
