---
layout: post
title: About Tags on this Site
date: 2022-12-19 11:53
category: Toxicology
author: Brian H Mathison PhD
tags: [Toxicology, Decoy, Protac, Fun]
summary: This is some information about how tags could be used on this GitHub site
---

### TOXICOLOGY (tag)

Toxicology is a multidisciplinary science that requires an understanding of mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, pharmacology, and medicine (including anatomy, pathology, histopathology, and physiology). Toxicologists study the effects of chemical substances on living organisms to better characterize risks. Genetic toxicology and chemical carcinogenesis are areas of specialization where analysis of genetic and epigenetic data is often required. Again, note this site header. Toxicological sciences are grounded in the universal properties of matter and structure that determine biological activity. Temporal responses to toxicants can be described by chemical structure and master equations considering the conservation of mass & energy within finite voxels and where dispassionate studied reasoning of the risks and benefits of science, technology, and engineering innovations are needed to improve quality of life.

### DECOY (tag) & PROTAC (tag)

About 20 years ago, the idea that a single DNA sequence could have utility in targeting two or more transcription factors was conceived. Compositions comprising polynucleic acids and methods thereof can be characterized possessing two or more 'features' with intent to treatment of diseases associated with the growth (i.e., neoplasia) and spread (i.e., metastasis) of neoplastic cells. These are 'composite decoys' designed to bind two or more transcription factors to alter genetic expression. [Patent US74821582](https://patents.google.com/patent/US7482158B2/en)

### FUN (tag)

Tools, techniques, procedures, graphics, animations, designs, and other items of interest. Might find some legal thoughts, activism, politics, art, music, sports, cinema, coding, travel, and photos here. Quotations and conflicting idioms are possible. While some believe that experience is the teacher of all things, others recognize that experiences may also be the mother of all illusions. Recognize and remember that "life moves pretty fast if you don't stop and look around once in a while you could miss it!"
