---
layout: post
title: Monograph Program Limitations
date: 2023-12-19 11:44
category: Toxicology
author: Brian H Mathison PhD
tags: [Toxicology]
summary: Para-Celsus is not something you hear a lot about	
---
{% include youtube.html id='D8mFJSsYTyM' %}
YouTube: D8mFJSsYTyM

### Transcript

Before citing and sharing the findings of the monograph program, it is pretty important to understand the ‘key limitations’ that distinguish it from global regulatory agencies. I will give you a few...

The monograph program is not a regulatory authority (which one exception):

- Does not assess all available data. This leads to evaluation gaps and this is single most important fact when opinions can diverge.
- Lacks competency in performing quantitative risk characterizations, by its own admission. All things are toxic, quantitative cancer risks and responses have dose-time dependencies.
- Relies on subjective, non-quantitative ‘characteristics’, that can be unreliable for hazard determination.
- Lacks the transparency, steps, and rigor of assessment typically found in regulatory agencies; this part of federal rulemaking under the administrative procedures act. (and importantly)
- The monograph program selects and categorizes chemicals in only one direction - again, with a notable exception. As of the latest preamble update, Group 4: "Probably not carcinogenic to humans" no longer exists. Consider some chemicals may have benefical properties and other can defy simple categories and all are dose-time dependent.

To summarize, contrary to its intended mission related to cancer prevention, the monograph program falls short of the capabilities of regulatory bodies proficient in risk assessment and management, and in this shortfall poses a threat to the public’s ability to have accurate, reliable, and trustworthy information necessary to evaluate and judge the benefits and risks of chemicals, technologies, and occupations.
